# Predicting-and-Modelling-the-Compressive-Strength-of-High-Performance-Concrete-using-Deep-Learning

Fly ash and slag concrete (FSC) is such a highly complex material that modeling its behavior is a difficult task. In this code, a method of modeling the strength of FSC using different feature selection and optimization models is presented(using comprehensive EDA and feature engineering techniques). The strength is a function of age and ingredients. These ingredients include cement, fly ash, blast furnace slag, water, superplasticizer, coarse aggregate, and fine aggregate. The proposed method was examined with different replacement percentages of fly ash and blast furnace slag to observe the strength behavior of FSC. A set of trial batches of FSC was carried out at the laboratory and the results were consistent with the prediction by this method. ON THIS DATASET: The actual concrete compressive strength (MPa) for a given mixture under a specific age (days) was determined from the laboratory. Data is in raw form (not scaled). The data has 8 quantitative input variables, and 1 quantitative output variable, and 1030 instances (observations).

Attributes: Cement : measured in kg in a m3 mixture Blast : measured in kg in a m3 mixture Fly ash : measured in kg in a m3 mixture Water : measured in kg in a m3 mixture Superplasticizer : measured in kg in a m3 mixture Coarse Aggregate : measured in kg in a m3 mixture Fine Aggregate : measured in kg in a m3 mixture Age : day (1~365) Concrete compressive strength measured in MPa
